c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\API test 1.exe.config
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\API test 1.exe
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\API test 1.pdb
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\obj\Debug\API test 1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\obj\Debug\API test 1.exe
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\obj\Debug\API test 1.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Flurl.dll
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.dll
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Flurl.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Flurl.xml
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.xml
C:\Users\Freddy\Documents\FFJS\API test 1\API test 1\bin\Debug\API test 1.exe.config
C:\Users\Freddy\Documents\FFJS\API test 1\API test 1\obj\Debug\API test 1.exe
C:\Users\Freddy\Documents\FFJS\API test 1\API test 1\obj\Debug\API test 1.pdb
